hey guys so and this is going to be a
stock video on this hair and this hair
is from sensational this is there a very
natural line and this is their Malaysian
straight texture and yeah so if you guys
didn't know sensational is a beauty
supply haier brand so you guys can
purchase here at your local beauty
supply store or if you just enter the
name of this hair which is Malaysian um
Malaysian straight light and sleep oh so
Tom to search so much to say it's the
very natural hundred percent virgin
roepke bundle hair it's their Malaysian
light and sleep fair and natural so if
you enter that name into Google then a
lot of different sites will pop up and
you can purchase this hair from any of
those sites okay all right but minded I
come in this color actually came in a
natural black color and i lightened it
and i'm absolutely in love with this
hair because of the color that i got to
just after one bleaching process in one
toning process this is the color and i
love
and this hair is actually not even that
expensive gal so you need to get your
hands on some of this ok so now what I'm
going to do is just curl it antik really
i'm using this curling iron from power
IQ and I've had this for so long and
it's getting slow but still works fine
and I did already apply some heat pretty
anything I have already applied some
heat protectant spray to my hair so yeah
I'm just gonna brush out any tangles and
I'm gonna get ready to krump if you guys
want to see how I got this colin and
just click the screen like click my face
and you were on my face and there should
be a link that will take you straight to
that video so yeah i'm going to use the
curling iron just like it was alive and
hope once you feel like it's hot enough
picture from the curling iron that you
can do release and it will be a cute
little promising i am doing these and
fairly big sections causing nobody got
time for this you know how you are
curling your hair and you're letting it
get hot and you want to use your phone
all you have to do is this place it on
your shoulder like that and then you and
try not to burn yourself okay and then
you let this one go it comes out like
okay so I've pretty much done one side
and this is what it looks like so far
okay guys so this is the final look and
if you feel like some of your curls have
dropped by the time you're done then you
can always go back with your curling
iron and just kind of touch up some
pieces here you can go ahead and use
some hairspray this is the Garnier 50
style volumizing integra anti-humidity
hairspray and this is a extra stronghold
here you can just spray a little bit I
actually hate using hairspray on my hair
but actually you want these beachy waves
to kinda last on this though this is
oh so yeah let me know if you guys like
these types of videos curl video because
I love doing them so I would like to
know if you guys love watching them that
way I can get more so let me know in the
comments down below if you like these
kind of videos porno so thank you guys
so much for watching Joe for you can
like comment subscribe and I'll see you
soon I